Well well, I do not know how to start this so here's the opening text:

(I don't give a shit about grammatical erooooors)

......
.
...
..
.


I don't see anything wrong with isolation. What's wrong with taking months just staying with yourself and only yourself? I guess people who are arrogant and ignorant have the need for sociability and shit. But to be brutally honest, I could care less and think only, and ONLY about myself; thats not a bad thing at all! I swear all you hear is stuff that the "higher ups" want you to hear, so I don't see anything wrong with watching content (also know as art, that includes music and writing) that is made for the singular person, and not for the masses. Going back to the concept for isolation, i feel that I can experiment more on my self: my clothes, my body type, and my creativity without worrying about what "society" thinks about it. because the people around me, strangers, do not know what is actually going on in the world; but I'm not trying to say "oh me better than everyone else" but instead of staying on that path, I'm "waking up from my coma" (I say that to make a reference, not an actual coma) still, I have flaws, that I have to fix, not to "fit in" because I believe as long you're not destroying ACTUAL art (that includes palaces, statues and other buildings of important matters) its perfectly fine to do whatever you want. Go against that corporation, don't follow the crowd and be yourself (even if you sit cross-legged and make petty remarks that are unfunny) 
I sound crazy, but i believe that's for the better. You have to actually reflect on the stuff you write or read, otherwise what you just read is carbon that is never going to be used and be throwed out. 
I've been reading some artədossiers recently but the thing that I don't get is that people say that  "if you don't read the classics you're stupid and ignorant" but if you really think about it you're the one that's arrogant  because if art of today and of the past century didn't exist everything and everyone would be working in factories for minimum wage. 
Also, the other thing I have noticed from myself and not my public character, my mask, is that I tend to be selfish and petty when I see other people OR in another case, when I see people doing something I love, but fucking it up, ruining the vibe, using the thing I love to make horrible copies or thirst traps. But the mask I put on is a selfless caring person; I'll give money to someone if they need it, I care if you got hurt emotionally of physically, but the mask is a painful mess that I have to put on for hours on end. I'm not saying that seeing people happy is wrong, but it's hard to be surrounded by people all the time, this is why I love isolation;
I'm not an introverted person, but I feel like me when there's no one around and I can write music or draw or watch stuff I love. 
Last year, I got a chance go stay home all day and all I did was play music and enjoy life. That was THE HAPPIEST IVE EVER BEEN. Like, not kidding.
Also isolation is great for me because it makes me free from judgment from others; the argument being body fat.
I don't get it why people are so pressed about this thing, probably because it's been sewed into their brain like a virus, and by who? you know exactly who it is. being isolated means that I can chill and not worry if I gained weight or lost it even tho I worry about it way too much, having an ED. I just to be happy, free of judgment and do what I love. but oh no, don't be fooled, life is a constant battle, and there's no "life is Beautiful" that we are promising ourselves until we pass away. now, being on that topic, I believe that creation of art and death, is the most beautiful part about life. I do believe in reincarnation, but for a small period of time you're not in a constant fight with life. This is why you shouldn't waste your life working a 9 to 5 and be a slave to the government. 
A couple days ago I was reading Schopenhauer, and a line struck me: "a government should control your life" and I fully agree with that. "crimes" like tagging are not real crimes, but murder is, so who actually deserves punishment.
We seem like a fair democracy but the pyramid scheme is still there, why instead of laws against minorities we, us, the minorities would make laws against you? How would you feel huh? This is why a functioning society is practically impossible to reach, well atleast at the moment. also to future me, if you're reading this, I hope that you're are not cringing at this, but I hope you will see this as documentation to the start of an eye opening experience. I think I have emptied my head for a bit, see you in a little bit. 
Life is a constant battle, and I'm mentally ill, I have a never ending stream of consciousness that will keep going until the day I pass. 

LITTLE OPINIONS THAT MAKE ME LOOK LITTLE SECTION: 

"Making mistakes will make you learn" the say, but mistakes make you miserable and (usually) we try to avoid mistakes not to worsen a situation, like in a relationship or in school/work 

The thing I've never understood about cottagecore and "Living in a small town is so fun!" Is that people actually believe in this shit LMFAO. like uhm yeah girly pop its not I'm sorry :nailemoji: I think you'd prefer staying close to shops in you need to buy something quick.
